---
title: "Layoff"
date: 2023-11-20T08:16:53+08:00
tags: []
meta: true
draft: true
---

// TODO: carasoul

I got laid off last Friday. 

---

It started as a usual morning of remote work: woke up late, rolled off bed, and logged onto my work laptop. As part of my morning ritual, I went about refreshing the pages to resume yesterday's work, and a few lines of standard firewall red texts greeted me.

"Access denied, AEA something something, if you don't work for Amazon, you have been misdirected to an internal page, something something"

*This shit again, must be because I'm not connected to the VPN*. Click click, yubikey fingerprint, the authentication page spit back some unfamiliar text of access deny.
*Weird...? Maybe a browser problem with cache and coockies?*  Restarted firefox, redid the procedure, *nope*. Cleared some cookies, *nope*. 
*Maybe the kerberos ticket is stale?* nope, the option to renew is dimmed off.

It's about then when I noticed some bigger abnormalities that's been going on. My slack was logged out, and in Outlook, all the mails in inbox are now gone except few.

<Clean inbox>

Usually I glance through my mails and rarely read them (teams in Amazon always finds a way to spam you pass your basic filters), but since I'm just locked out of anything I do, I started skimming through. The first mail was sent by some higher ups with pics of crispy pixels, a tell tale trait of "old farts" who have been in the company for god knows how long. "Something something, your role has been eliminated". Ok? Next one looked like an announcement, bleh. Next one is a meeting invite. Sure accept? I clicked on the calendar tab to check on my schedule today. Only that lone invite is now standing in the midst of nothing.

// Carasoul
<Layoff mail>
<Calendar>
// End of carasoul

Realizing something is not right here, I went back to re-read the first one

*o shit, I'm done here*

*lmao, they fucking did it for me*

I screamed running up the stairs, broadcasting early Christmas present.

"Yo I'm laid off, let's fucking goooooooooo"

After running around throwing ruccus, my gf and roommate came down, and we just all sat there, looking at the screen

<Doodle>

Company needs to re-org

// Fast forward through rest of day more (emotions), just a roller coaster of emotions

<<Sadness... Looking through my old laptop I have yet to return of old things, flooded with sadness, and connection to my work that extended past the work to dad, to friends>>

Anxiety:
Weird news? What I do now?

// As I was doing those things, random popups of clearance 
// Then, every windows on laptop start quitting, replaced with a black screen of a few monotonous blinks, it kicks out to the login screen.

// laptop is now bricked, and I'm officially done

Went for a walk 


People Sympathy, honey mae joked that people r throwing me a pity party; I'm just sharing, it's a good thing no?

It didn't fully hit until a day after talking with maemae parents

I'm been , some higher ups picked my name, and 扫地出门

---

What did I do for those three years?


Lessons...


1. 
Good is enough for a stupid job, perfect is not worth ruining your life over. 

I'm a workaholic and easily go into the tunnel, it's simply a nature of me that I can't really change. it's only dedicate perfection to things that are worth dedicate perfection to, and that's rarely a stupid, corporate, job. If you're not there, someone will do the job, more shitty, possibly more tech debt, but a job done. A job fitting for the business needs, until it is not anymore.

Amazon is a super doc heavy company

because docs are kinda my thing (i'm nit picky about language being coherence and full transparency of logic), I get off work so late

2. 

Money gives you freedom, only to the extent you don't have to think about it

The more you have to think about it, the more it is enslaving 

I was enslaved to my job more than my job, a pretty close second of enslavement to my video game and youtube additions (I want myself).

